Add wellbeing resources and links (#71)
DFE-Digital/improve-school-workload-and-wellbeing: content/staff-wellbeing/staff-wellbeing-policy.md

        <li>
          improve recruitment and retention
        </li>
        <li>
          receive positive Ofsted feedback
        </li>
        <li>
          receive positive feedback from staff on a range of wellbeing themes
        </li>
        <li>
          achieve high engagement from staff with additional lessons or interventions – this is rewarded with time in lieu
        </li>
        <li>
          achieve openness about wellbeing – staff communicate with team leaders and this is supported by a HR follow up
        </li> 
        <li>
          engage collaboratively with professional organisations on academy improvement
        </li>
        <li>
          appoint a lead governor for wellbeing 
        </li>
        <li>
          appoint a mental health lead who works across the trust 
        </li>
        <li>
          get support from the local governing body with its wellbeing plans
        </li>
      </ul>
      </p>
      <p>
      'Leaders are considerate of staff and pay careful attention to their workload. One member of staff summed up the views of others in saying, “We look out for each other”.’ (Ofsted report)
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

> ## Background from Vice Principal Mary Hall

Author: ```suggestion
## Background from Mary Hall, Vice Principal
```

The local governing body is expected to: 

* make sure the academy is fulfilling its duty of care as an employer, such as by giving staff a reasonable workload and creating a supportive work environment 

* monitor and support the wellbeing of the principal 

* make decisions and review policies with staff wellbeing in mind, particularly in regard to workload 

* be reasonable about the format and quantity of information asked for from staff as part of monitoring work 

* ensure that resources and support services are in place to promote staff wellbeing 

* ensure that staff are clear about the purpose of any monitoring visits and what information will be required from them 

## Managing specific wellbeing issues 

The academy will support and discuss options with any member of staff who raises wellbeing issues, such as if they are experiencing significant stress at the academy or in their personal lives.  

Where possible, support will be given by line managers or senior staff.  

At all times, the confidentiality and dignity of staff will be maintained.  

Support could be given through: 

* reassessing their workload and deciding what tasks to prioritise 

> * temporarily relieving of some duties 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* temporarily relieving them of some duties 
```

* giving staff time off to deal with a personal crisis 

* arranging external support, such as counselling or occupational health services 

> * the flexible working hours policy – this policy aims to cater for the needs of all staff and wherever possible the principal supports requests from staff for reduced or part time working where personal circumstances mean that it would improve their work-life balance 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the flexible working hours policy, which aims to cater for the needs of all staff. Wherever possible, the principal supports requests from staff for reduced or part-time working, where personal circumstances mean that it would improve their work-life balance 
```

* completing a risk assessment and following through with any actions identified 

* phased return or altered hours after absence 

## Academy wellbeing committee and plan 

> The academy will facilitate a wellbeing committee with members from across the staff whose role will be to develop an action plan to promote a range of wellbeing interventions. It will: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The academy will facilitate a wellbeing committee with members from across the staff. Their role will be to develop an action plan to promote a range of wellbeing interventions. It will: 
```
